# Premise
A golden age of space exploration fueled by sex-based magical technology has lead to the rapid expansion and construction of orbital space stations on the frontier of space, populated by a wide variety of anthropomorphic species. Since the post-scarcity inhabited planets are free and equitable with a high standard of living, the new space stations have trouble attracting permanent residents. Many space stations become ghost towns after the surrounding space is explored and people lost interest. The explorers’ nomadic lifestyles are stressful, unpredictable, and isolating, leading to burnout and reckless behavior. A growing problem is these explorers falling victim to vices, violence, and exploitation in the fringes of settled space. 

To combat both these issues, a newly-build orbital station joined a pilot program to build a dedicated recreation/red-light district. Towards explorers, the program seeks to give them a safe outlet for stress, and incentive to at visit civilization for companionship and relationships. Towards planet-bound people, the facilities would help bring the standard of living and entertainment up to parity and entice people to resettle on the station. For both, permanent residence, population growth through births, and the magical products of sex go towards establishing the station as a permanently-inhabited city.
# Gameplay Overview
The player is a facilities manager designing and constructing this new red-light district. The station is comprised of stacks of ring-shaped decks, where the player may place furniture, sex toys, décor and other entertainment into rooms. These attracts guests to use them for sexual activity, either alone or with others, or interact with other guests in non-sexual areas. The behavior of guests is determined by their internal preferences (specific fetishes or sex acts, their sexual preferences towards other guests, and preferences for atmosphere and amenities) as well as their state (hunger, lust, thirst, social need, patience/interest, remaining free time). For example, one of the starting facilities is a set of penis milkers, which provides intense but short-lived penile stimulation. Most guests would only consider it if they are low on time and would like to orgasm quickly. However, guests with relevant fetishes/preferences, such as for strong stimulation/overstimulation, cum play, machinery, or studding may choose to use them even if they have available time to use other options. As the station grows and gains reputation, guests' expections and interests grow and become more varied, requiring the player to upgrade and expand their offerings. The player may shape the guest's desires towards the sexual content they wish to see in the game by building the relevant objects. The player may also direcly set the sexual content they wish to see more/less/none of as a game option, stylized in-game as "advertizing".

Sex acts produce the three main “currencies” of the game; fluids, energy, and essence (in order of decreasing frequency). These are used exchanged or expended to build, maintain, upgrade and research objects, or sent to the rest of the station for various bonuses, offscreen improvements, and to expand available space. Certain sex actions will use these resources for certain fetish-related content, such as transformation or impregnation. Satisfying guests’ desires increases their satisfaction rating, draws more guests seeking similar attractions, and novel attractions may produce endorsements, a secondary resource. Guests who have a high satisfaction score visit again, or settle on the station, increasing the station population. Satisfaction scores, usership numbers, station population, and endorsements are the primary milestones for unlocking new objects and additional space.

To aid in maintaining the area and providing services, the player may recruit staff members. A pool of applicants is generated from returning guests or the station population, with a few selected from new guests or generated outright. In order for staff to perform more than the bare basics, the player must build designated staff rooms, such as janitor closets and machinery shops. Examples of roles a staff member may take include mechanic, janitor, receptionist, maid/butler/attendant, chef, dancer, and prostitute. Staff satisfaction increases their performance, and is increased by assigning duties that fit their aptitudes and interests, and by allowing them to use the facilities, and by maintaining good working conditions. Staff gain experience towards relevant as they work, and may also be trained to perform faster, and on more advanced tasks. The number of staff is limited by available space, and training requires resources that accumulate slowly (such as essence), so the player must balance roles and time against the staffing requirements of the facilities they build, and balance space for staff support against space for guests. Facilities with high capacity relative to their space, or that perform specialized tasks, require more staff attention and specialization.

Various factions have an interest in the project, desiring that the player focus on specific kinds of amenities. Each faction is associated with a specific area of content, whether sexual (breeding, machinery, transformation, BDSM, etc) or gameplay/setting (such as the factions representing station management, research, culinary promotion, the explorers' guild, etc.). These factions will send a small retinue of special representive NPCs, through which the player will receive requests (quests), such as to build specific relevant facilities or have guests perform certain sex acts. These factions are intended as a secondary system for the player to tailor their experience. Following requests and building reputation with a faction unlocks new objects associated with their content, and increases the guests drawn towards that content. On the other hand, a (sex-related) faction's content can be suppressed/re-allowed at will by talking to their representative. Faction representatives would also be the majority of the game's romancable characters.
# Themes and Sexual Content
# Core Gameplay Concepts

